Sc 21801 track fragments (#1328)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/getting-started/create-proxy/structure/header/index.md

---
title: Create a Proxy
publishedDate: '2022-07-18T14:00:00.0Z'
description: Creating a proxy.

category: header
---

> Accessing you own self-hosted solutions and 3rd party product APIs securely from Roadie is crucial in ensuring security of data and systems. Roadie provides two kinds of proxy services to handle these scenarios. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing your own self-hosted solutions and 3rd party product APIs securely from Roadie is crucial in ensuring security of data and systems. Roadie provides two kinds of proxy services to handle these scenarios. 
```

> Accessing you own self-hosted solutions and 3rd party product API’s securely from Roadie is crucial in ensuring security of data and systems. Roadie provides two kinds of proxy services to handle these scenarios. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing you own self-hosted solutions and 3rd party product APIs securely from Roadie is crucial in ensuring security of data and systems. Roadie provides two kinds of proxy services to handle these scenarios. 
```
